Observation (5-10 minutes)
The section below listed out some steps that we want to ask the participants to do.

Inheritance:
	1. Go to CPSC 344 History to delete “related topics” link in 2011 Winter Term 1 course
	2. Delete Royce Pennefather from the course ownership
	3. Add professor “Dr. Brad Williams” (user ID: 43957247) to the course ownership

Test Creation:
	1. Change the first question to “Multiple Choice” with 3 options (“Execution”, “Evaluation”, and “Form Intention”) and the correct answer is “Evaluation”
	2. Add both questions from exam “2012W1 EXAM 1” to a template, n, after reviewing the summary, save 1 version containing both questions

Grouping:
	1. Create a private new group named SAP under the parent group CPSC344 with Weifon Liu as a member.
	2. Add Jeff Chan and Sandy Fang to the group.
	3. Create a new file to share with the group

1 = Tom Zhang -> Math Professor
2 = Alex Thomsberg -> Math Professor
3 = Eunice Lam -> Human Kinetics TA / Grad Student / Researcher
4 = Elizabeth Quan -> English Major / Undergrad Student
	
Interview Questions after Observation (~10 minutes)
1. How did you find your overall experience with the interface?

	Inheritence:
		1. Everything was clearly laid out and easy to use.  The workflow as fluid and given my objectives, I was easily able to figure out how to execute it without any supervision.
		2. Personally thought it was bit of a messy UI, but that just may be because of the prototype nature of it.  On a purely functional standpoint, it succeeded in enabling me to complete the listed objectives easily and concisly.
		3. The change in the sidebar after clicking on CPSC344 for the first time was really unoticed to me... It took me a really long time to even notive that the list had changed to a list of suboptions. Other that that, everything worked great.
		4. Seemed simple and easy to use.  I didn't feel blown away with too many features and extra informationation which was really nice.
	Test Creation:
		1. Pretty good, However I felt that feedback from the system and built in instructions were somewhat lacking.  The overall workflow felt like it should have been explained better. Things such as "Add to Template", I had no idea what it did.
		2. I felt somewhat lost as to what I was actually supposed to do. Even with the my objectives, it felt as if the layout didn't really match the exact workflow it my head. I also felt the terminology used was somewhat confusing.
		3. Should add some indentation or bolding of fonts bring out what should be most eyecatching. Because in terms of workflow, the only thing I could rely on was going top-down, and not be able to simply look at the screen and detect where the different option where by subjections or bolded/different text.
		4. Easy to use and I was able to accomplish the task really easily.
	Grouping:
		1. Very clear and easy to use. Layout made sense and seemed made sense and their was very little confusion as to where things were located... Might want to change 'Content' to 'Files' or something like that though.
		2. Bit of a bland color palette, but funtionality wise, it works great and matched what I was expecting out of such a tool.
		3. The homepage 'online/offline' lists where confusing and seemed to lack any sort of true reason to exist. Really liked the file manager. cool stuff.
		4. Didn't really feel ubc themed, but other that that; worked great.




2. Would you be interested in using (or more willing to use) the functionalities if they were 
implemented in Connect?
	
	Inheritence:
		1. Definatley, in the math department, we currently just hand of websites to one another while at the same time having to record marks in connect or vista. Having centralized means of transfering courses to one another would be great and this solution seems to be something really good. I hope you run with it and make this a real thing lol
		2. Very much so, I find always having to recreate a website for every term to be rather annoying. Being able to automte the knowledge base trasnfer would be very useful.
		3. Since I don't teach a course, I don't really think I would use this.
		4. I don't teach, so I would probably never use this thing.
	Test Creation:
		1. Not really sure; webwork currently supports automated latex exporting as well as progrmatic question creation, if your tool did begin to implement such features, yes I could see me using it, however if it doesn't, it is somewhat of a deal breaker.
		2. Webwork is currently the standard for my departement, so I don't really think your tool can compare to something which allows programming based question/answer creation.
		3. I think I could use this for my undergrad lab groups for review quizzes; which is something which I strictly avoid becasue of the current quizzing system.
		4. I can't really see myself ever needing to create a test.
	Grouping:
		1. Since I teach math classes, I don't really need my students to be in groups. However i'm sure my students would enjoy such a feature to share notes or have group study chats.
		2. I can't really see a benifit to this feature for someone in my department, however it would probalby be very useful for students. 
		3. I would really like this feature for group management in my labs. I could also see my lab students liking this for creating study group and sharing notes and probably answers for assignments lol
		4. This would be really cool for creating study groups and sharing files between them.




3. How did you find each particular feature (interviewer: please go over EACH feature)? 
- left sidebar (easier to navigate?)
- vertical tabs
- deleting links in previous course year
- adding/ deleting ownership

- modifying a question (in test)
- adding question templates
- saving a version of the test

- Adding Groups
- Adding members
- Adding Files
	
	Inheritence
		1. Left sidebar seemed simple enough, I would recommend changin the fonts or something for the sub course menus... What vertical tabs?.... Simple Enough... Easy.
		2. Clean, simple, good... what tabs... easy... easy
		3. Please change display for sub menu options... didn't see any... simple and easy, maybe cleanup the UI?.... Same with the last one.
		4. Everything was where I naturally thought i would be.. their were tabs?.... 
	Test Creation
		1. Confusing, didn't flow nicely... I had no idea what this actually did... I did it, but I'm not sure how lol
		2. Easy, maybe move the edit button closer to the question.... had no idea how I did that... The whole adding to template thing seemed convoluted to me.
		3. Well i need your help for the entire process... so I'm assuming I found each feature difficult to use lol
		4. Bleh, was confuzzled...
	Grouping
		1. Easy... Simple... Nice UI, would use if implmented.
		2. Very simple and easy... Simple, seemed modeled after things used in existing systems... Easy to use.
		3. ALL GOOD
		4. All very easy.



4. Are these features useful in moving you towards the context of Connect?
	Inheritence:
		1. Very much, I would really like to inherit course material.
		2. I think so, inheritence is very useful to me.
		3. Not really seeing as how I dont teach classes.
		4. Not at all... I'm a student lol
	Test Creation:
		1. Not really, webwork is the standard for math classes.
		2. Math dept recommends webwork, so we stick with it.
		3. Would be cool for my lab students.
		4. I dont think I woud ever need to create a quiz.

	Grouping:
		1. Defineatley not for me personally, but I do think that my students would really like it for sharing notes
		2. Not for me; but probably my students?
		3. I think I would definately use such functionality for creating lab groups in the labs I use, and my students would probably really like it for unified document sharing instead of having to create separate google groups for such functionality.
		4. I really liked this.  For any project based or lab based course, this would be of great help for sharing files and organization.



5. If not then why are you reluctant? What particularly is the issue with connect and it's features?
	Inheritence:
		1. N/A
		2. N/A
		3. Not a teacher
		4. Not a teacher

	Test Creation:
		1. Uses webwork.
		2. Uses webwork.
		3. N/A
		4. Not a teache.

	Grouping:
		1. Class doesn't work in groups.
		2. Class doens't work in groups.
		3. N/A
		4. N/A


6. What other improvements would you like? 
	Inheritence:
		1. Maybe some sort of different type of view that allows you to see a 'pooled' view, an aggregated view of all terms of a courses information.
		2. N/A
		3. Apart of a tidier UI, nothing really.
		4. I personally think that if you could somehow integrate this functionality into the view of your groups UI, that would be really nice.

	Test Creation:
		1. Allow you to code answer detection with matlab or another math based programming language.
		2. Needs programming based question/answer creation, easier workflow and make the UI easier for users to find the 'summary' and 'add to template' functions
		3. Hard to say... workflow seemed natural, I just couldn't find how to actualy follow it. So general fixes to the UI for easier button finding?
		4. I don't know where to start... I was just really confuzzled.

	Grouping:
		1. Clearer emphasis on what the online/offline lists on the main page is for.  You should indicate what the "Danger Zone" actually is or means, cause the only reason I knew what it was cause its like GitHub.
		2. Perhabs change the way you list the groups to more of a tree based directory style instead of a huge list.  I think that the gorup would get quite large for TAs or Profs who need to be a member of all sub groups.
		3. Group Chats!
		4. group wikis maybe, annoucments section on homepage?



7. What do you think are the most important features for such a system?  What do you expect to do with Connect?
	1. Ease of use, I want Connect to be a one stop location for all school related work.
	2. Strong functionality hidden behind a simple UI, I want connect to be extremely easy to use without having to look at a single manual or help guide.
	3. Clean UI, and strong functionality.
	4. The ability to manage all my school work in a efficient manner without having to depend on outside software solutions